Enterprise hybrid cloud infrastructure is often a mix of cloud providers,
on-premises data centers, and edge locations.
Hybrid cloud is where cost,
control, regulations, and security intersect.
Hybrid Cloud with AWS provides
organizations the flexibility to support a range of use cases.
They can maintain regulatory compliance and consolidate
their technology stack under one umbrella using a common set of services and tools.
Hybrid cloud accelerates innovation by providing customers with
rapid and low cost infrastructure provisioning
for prototyping and testing innovative solutions,
and removing the limitations of traditional IT planning and budgeting.
It also provides companies with disaster recovery when multiple cloud providers are
included in the disaster recovery and business continuity technology plan.
Using a cloud is a hot backup solution for disaster recovery requires a lot of planning.
It can be a good strategy,
but it isn't without costs.
What you can do is you can run your data transfer intensive applications in
the data center and on-premises because those costs are fixed,
and you can run your variable in Internet-based applications in the cloud.
AWS provides considerable support for
organizations that want to implement hybrid infrastructure.
A typical enterprise will have a mix of cloud and on-premises data centers.
Hybrid cloud architectures allow customers to have the best of both worlds.
The control required for many rules and regulations related to
data governance that makes on-premises architecture so appealing and the speed,
scalability, and flexibility of running workloads and storing data in the cloud.
In response to customers need to have physical control over their data,
AWS has a hybrid service called AWS Outposts.
AWS Outpost is a physical computer storage appliance
that resides on premises in the customer data center.
It is truly AWS Cloud on-prem.
It provides secure transfer and retrieval,
encrypts all data at rest and before moving to the AWS public cloud.
Key points to remember about hybrid architecture are that some regulations
require that certain data be in a data center
under your control and not in a public cloud.
So you have to maintain a physical presence even though
you're moving some applications and workloads to the public cloud.
Data transfer in is free,
but that's about it.
Some types of data will be required to be
encrypted before being uploaded to the public cloud.
So you need to be aware of your company's rules and governance guidance around
public cloud services before procuring cloud resources.